
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.425834                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                425833841500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               425833841500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  63271                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   112153                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               87190719                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8511012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4883.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   309011616                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     547747887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           37568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       140410816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          140448384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        37568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         37568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        16384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           16384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          2193919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2194506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              88222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          329731464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             329819686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         88222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            88222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           38475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                38475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           38475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             88222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         329731464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            329858161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2194506                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        256                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2194506                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      256                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              112493760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                27954624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   12736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               140448384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                16384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                 436791                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            229977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             53740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            122743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            122770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           122810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           122825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           122742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           122746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           122788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           122773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16           122749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17           122742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18           122743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19           122769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23               94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  425833758500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2194506                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  256                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1749631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       457946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    245.669350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   210.894654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.734565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38819      8.48%      8.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       211505     46.19%     54.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       108693     23.73%     78.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        83441     18.22%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7672      1.68%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.00%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.00%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.00%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7789      1.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       457946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     249.272727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    826.744107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             10     90.91%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      18.090909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.088691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.301511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10     90.91%     90.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      9.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  46575071783                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             77321022563                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5856706380                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26497.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43989.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       264.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    329.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1299770                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     186                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     194022.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             1045390076.640170                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             1389795387.388032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            5325474685.709229                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy           507396.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         84365341363.508484                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         48459445029.360382                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         2391705079.142562                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    187318237218.185120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    27293726540.646645                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     10497972822.522730                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           368503607200.980896                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            865.369473                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         364630861476                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2646413500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   21359928000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2889212740                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  56861969831                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   37196469341                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 304879848088                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             382867351.776015                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             509004796.608180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            2068031448.402765                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy           240543.744000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         63753693026.067558                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         24437005334.383114                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         2506693849.228942                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    131772755117.869934                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    27305294711.525291                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     79267143782.669083                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           332002729962.287476                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            779.653230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         393230964079                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2738865000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   16152640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 121871095660                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  56886061570                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   13711324413                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 214473854857                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                72055678                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          72055678                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            296332                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             66866354                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 4192650                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        66866354                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           58424316                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          8442038                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5321                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   114298299                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    50841716                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           416                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           102                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    29700409                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           339                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls               3923507                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        851667684                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           29749175                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      487311199                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    72055678                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           62616966                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     819372581                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 4999646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1594                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           31                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  29700117                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 12778                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          851623420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.027002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.418052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                694611861     81.56%     81.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  4702227      0.55%     82.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 27447311      3.22%     85.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 16124322      1.89%     87.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  9745182      1.14%     88.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  9455484      1.11%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 16973682      1.99%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1958019      0.23%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 70605332      8.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            851623420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.084605                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.572185                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 24957207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             722305616                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  57193774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              44667000                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                2499823                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              779892118                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                2499823                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 39253649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               226161509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles      420677469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  83123140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              79907830                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              777498532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               64166152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 328241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                 513018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           901611330                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1716331560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       1044431211                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             24268                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             634242492                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                267368838                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            3940214                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts        3940214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 231335718                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            150006502                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            76777810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         114866300                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         57273128                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  746831820                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            14004479                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 635374706                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           1836522                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       213088411                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    392939033                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        7889354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     851623420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.746075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.439298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           616138651     72.35%     72.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            58776775      6.90%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            57506444      6.75%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            60396281      7.09%     93.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            33193928      3.90%     96.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            12809810      1.50%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             8919990      1.05%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1000830      0.12%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             2880711      0.34%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       851623420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1977715     42.67%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    87      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     42.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                2655738     57.30%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   775      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                10      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              181      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             17764      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             464945793     73.18%     73.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              4169689      0.66%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                108501      0.02%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                8694      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            114587098     18.03%     91.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            51533891      8.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            1976      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           1300      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              635374706                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.746036                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     4634506                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.007294                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         2128816029                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         976341437                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    632167550                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               27831                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              17021                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12823                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              639977502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   13946                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         71637212                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     45646789                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          696                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      2434129                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     28473754                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          115                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                2499823                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               202709661                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               4178478                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           760836299                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              1289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             150006502                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             76777810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            3940272                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1985517                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  1469                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        2434129                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         284039                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               298723                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             633607862                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             114298254                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1766844                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    165139928                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 54481837                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   50841674                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.743961                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      633569311                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     632180373                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 471939229                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 564693959                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.742285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.835743                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213088467                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6115125                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            296463                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    823555100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.665102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.560926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    630312573     76.54%     76.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     60753854      7.38%     83.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     46469084      5.64%     89.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     43980664      5.34%     94.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       751851      0.09%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23569331      2.86%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       235160      0.03%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11810      0.00%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     17470773      2.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    823555100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            309011616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              547747887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      152663769                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     104359713                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                     2191618                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   51223827                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      11901                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 545531537                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              4155472                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        16241      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        390798421     71.35%     71.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         4153393      0.76%     72.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           107870      0.02%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           8193      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       104358372     19.05%     91.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       48303324      8.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1341      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          732      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         547747887                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              17470773                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1566920681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  1549742402                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             328                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           44264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   309011616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     547747887                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.756102                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.756102                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.362831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.362831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                798577571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               530427817                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                     22059                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    10769                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 234521985                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                200526797                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               289454395                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1524337                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           487.960720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            87134109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1524849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             57.142779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         123787500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   487.960720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.953048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         366080678                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        366080678                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     40326679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        40326679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     46110257                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46110257                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      86436936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         86436936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     86436936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        86436936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2333887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2333887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2336110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2336110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2336110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2336110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 191951317500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 191951317500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    182975000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    182975000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 192134292500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 192134292500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 192134292500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 192134292500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     42660566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42660566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     46112480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     46112480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     88773046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     88773046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     88773046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     88773046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82245.334714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82245.334714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82309.941520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82309.941520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82245.396193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82245.396193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82245.396193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82245.396193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          391                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    78.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        24906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             24906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       114088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       114088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       114088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       114088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       114088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       114088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2219799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2219799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2191618                       # number of CleanInvalidReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_misses::total      2191618                       # number of CleanInvalidReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2222022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2222022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2222022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2222022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 188594665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188594665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    180752000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180752000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  67029406000                       # number of CleanInvalidReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67029406000                       # number of CleanInvalidReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 188775417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 188775417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 188775417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 188775417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.052034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanInvalidReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanInvalidReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84960.244148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84960.244148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81309.941520                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81309.941520                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.CleanInvalidReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30584.438529                       # average CleanInvalidReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.CleanInvalidReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30584.438529                       # average CleanInvalidReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84956.592239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84956.592239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84956.592239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84956.592239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           456.706402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            29699337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          49498.895000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   456.706402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.892005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.927734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         118801068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        118801068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     29699337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        29699337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      29699337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         29699337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     29699337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        29699337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64591499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64591499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64591499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64591499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64591499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64591499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     29700117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29700117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     29700117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     29700117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     29700117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     29700117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82809.614103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82809.614103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82809.614103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82809.614103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82809.614103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82809.614103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    53.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85773.710483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85773.710483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85773.710483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85773.710483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85773.710483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85773.710483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2672.527485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3744230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      2888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1296.478532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        539.262531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2133.264955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.016457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.065102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.081559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2577                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.088135                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  49704402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 49704402                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        24906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            24906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          125                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              125                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WriteClean_hits::writebacks              57                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l2.WriteClean_hits::total                   57                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                 44                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    44                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              13                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 13                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          28059                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             28059                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 28103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    28116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                28103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   28116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             2179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           588                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              588                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2191740                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2191740                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2193919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2194507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                588                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2193919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2194507                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    176954000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     176954000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50503500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     50503500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 184970313500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 184970313500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      50503500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  185147267500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     185197771000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50503500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 185147267500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    185197771000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        24906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          125                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          125                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks           57                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WriteClean_accesses::total               57                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           2223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          601                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            601                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2219799                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2219799                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2222022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2222623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2222022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2222623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.980207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.980207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.978369                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.978369                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.987360                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.987360                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.978369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.987353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.987350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.978369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.987353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.987350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81208.811381                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81208.811381                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85890.306122                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85890.306122                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84394.277378                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84394.277378                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85890.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84391.113573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84391.515270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85890.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84391.113573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84391.515270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2179                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2179                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          588                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          588                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2191740                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2191740                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2191618                       # number of CleanInvalidReq MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_misses::total      2191618                       # number of CleanInvalidReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2193919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2194507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2193919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2194507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    155164000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155164000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44633500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44633500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 163052913500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 163052913500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41825799000                       # number of CleanInvalidReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41825799000                       # number of CleanInvalidReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44633500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 163208077500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 163252711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44633500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 163208077500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 163252711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.978369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.987360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanInvalidReq accesses
system.l2.CleanInvalidReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanInvalidReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.978369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.987353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.987350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.978369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.987353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71208.811381                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71208.811381                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75907.312925                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75907.312925                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74394.277378                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74394.277378                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.CleanInvalidReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19084.438529                       # average CleanInvalidReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.CleanInvalidReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19084.438529                       # average CleanInvalidReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75907.312925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74391.113573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74391.519827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75907.312925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74391.113573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74391.519827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4386124                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2191618                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2192327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteClean              256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2192327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanInvalidReq      2191618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6580886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6580886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6580886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    140464768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    140464768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               140464768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4386124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4386124    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4386124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5611893500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11794195894                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5938703                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2221641                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           23                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            199                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          199                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 425833841500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2220399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteClean             256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1499431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2219799                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanInvalidReq      2191618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanInvalidResp      2191618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10351674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              10353000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        46400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    143807040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              143853440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             199                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     12736                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4414440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007187                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4414212     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    228      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4414440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2994468000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4428842000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
